[Node.js] Style guide fixes for TDBX vale rules (#842)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/insert.txt

      `A document was inserted with the _id: ${result.insertedId}`,
   );

> Your output will look something like this:

Author: I went with:

```suggestion
Your output will look similar to the following text:
```

> Your output will look something like this:

Reviewer: I think the original wording intended to [avoid future tense](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/writing/use-present-tense/#std-label-use-present-tense), which I think is the intent of suggestions such as [this one](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-node/pull/842/files#r1427275882
).
While I don't have a strongly-held opinion, I think I would prefer using simple present tense as the style guide recommends unless there was a pressing reason to use future tense.

> Your output will look something like this:

Author: I changed (again) to:
```
Your output looks similar to the following text:
```

         console.log(`Number of documents inserted: ${e.result.result.nInserted}`);
      }

>    The output consists of documents MongoDB can process and will look
>    something like this:

Author: ```suggestion
   The output consists of documents MongoDB can process and looks similar to the
   following:
```

      console.log(`Inserted a document with id ${id}`);
   }

> Your output will look something like this:

Author: ```suggestion
Your output looks similar to the following:
```
